simplify_ and cluster_network: clustermaps to csv (#198)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/release_notes.rst

* Use `mamba` (https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) for faster Travis CI builds (`#196 <https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/196>`_)

> * Output of `simplify_network.py` and `cluster_network.py` changed from Hierarchical Data Format (.h5) to Comma-Separated Values format (.csv), i.e. all busmaps and linemaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The mappings for clustered lines and buses produced by the ``simplify_network`` and ``cluster_network`` rules changed from Hierarchical Data Format (.h5) to Comma-Separated Values format (.csv) (`#198 <https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/198>`_)
```
